**Privacy Policy**

Michael Budnick built the Read and Scroll web extension. This SERVICE is provided by Michael Budnick at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Breathbox unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I do not require you to provide us with any personally identifiable information. Any information that is requested will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The web extension does not use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the web extension

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.

**Service Providers**

I do not employ third-party companies and individuals for any of the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties do not have access to their Personal Information.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2025-06-15

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at breathbox@duck.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)